if you are looking for portable device
that has a performance of the server
then you should look at this one ever
called Neptune 3.0 laptop I couldn't
really call it two up top because it has
a performance of the server I have to
say and you will need a lot of money to
actually buy one and I'm going to tell
you why don't basic reason is the
hardware inside so the biggest selling
point of this one is probably GPU you
find nvidia quadro k5000 100m inside it
with 8 gigabytes gddr5 memory 256 bits
and 1536 q the course that's probably
one of the most powerful GPUs for
consumers at the moment and there is a
wide range support for different
technologies including directx 11 shader
model 5.0 opengl 4.3 and even you can
have a piece express 3.0 connection and
you can see many others here as well and
other hardware is also quite impressive
you get the i-74 generation processor by
Intel Extreme Edition 3.0 gigahertz and
turbo mode it can go nearly 240 hertz
3.9 you hurt 32 gig of ram not much
probably you would say multiple hard
drive support so you can stick a two or
three or four hard drives in it 17.3
inch screen full HD your resolution but
obviously it waits a lot it's free kilos
that's how much it weighs so probably
wouldn't fancy taking this one on flight
with you the price could go as high as
up to 10,000 american dollars that's
particularly with this extreme edition
process or but it could be even more
depending on configuration you choose so
that's pretty much quicker with hardware
info ericom neptune 3.0 up top
workstation a power station whatever you
want to call it but it's pretty much
powerful thing
sub hardware the only thing I wonder how
long the battery lasts on this one
probably not for long but anyway that
was a quick look at this workstation